The army has arrived.
Look at the situation.
Hey.
I'm at the head of the army.
What are you doing?
You are stupid.
I'm at the head of the army.
Can't you see me?
What are you doing here?
Look at the working bush.
It's over there, isn't it?
Lick it.
What did you say?
When the
I'll help you.
You're going to work hard.
I'm going to help you.
I'm going to work hard.
Are you going to go?
Are you going?
Where are you going?
What are you doing?
I want to talk to you.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear.
My boobies, l get so tired of Hertz...
...after quite a while
l left here and went to him
but he's not back with me
Now, look, who can be upset with it, more of Podiuma
My head 11k
Can you Nayu Biller.
l thứ s speaks zu me
those round heads
his voice is so harsher
There is no contribute in this short story
or offer regarding people
we give education to them
Don Edai us
The organization is telling us
that we should be about the same
The old master has fallen asleep.
You can do that if you wish.
You won't understand until you give to us.
Tetsuji, fight me.
Don't be stubborn.
Wait by me.